MODULE- PETTY CASH 

In petty cash page 3 sections are there for super admin and admin like funds, transactions and 
requests.
In petty cash page super admin and admin can able to add fund for each project site with fund name,
initial amount, new balance threshold and notes.
When a request is coming for admin/super admin, they can approve or reject the request.
When rejecting a request recting reason will mention and it will show in the request page.
A request coming can able to do  approve and mark as paid together and also can able to approve
first then through next step can able to mark as paid by admin and super admin.
In transaction table transaction id, date, fund, type, amount, direction and paid by fields are showing
When a request is marking as paid it will transferred to transaction page. And also when a fund 
is recharging it also showing in transaction page.
For project manager and team member only their requests can able to see.
For super admin all fund transactions and requests can able to see.
For admin if the admin exist in 3 project sites all these project sites  funds, transactions and 
requests can able to see.
Total fund amount, available fund balance, pending request and transactions count can able to see
in the petty cash page.
Fund search field is there in fund page and for request page in petty cash management
Fund can able to edit ,can able to recharge a fund and also can able to delete a fund.
For super admin all project which has fund will show in the all project site drop down. for admin the
admin, project manager and team member existing project site if having fund it will show in the
project site drop down. 
If 2 project sites are existing for an admin, project manger or team member then the fund regarding
 to that project site only will show when trying to create a request.
When super admin creating a fund in project site drop down all project site will show.But when 
admin creating a fund in project site drop down all fund under the admin's project site will show in 
the drop down.
The accountant can able to make a request as mark as paid only when admin/ super admin
 approving a request.